The Keys to Our Brand
 The Visual Identity and Brand Guidelines of Whole Cyber Human Initiative
 Last Updated: 11/20/2023
 Who We Are
 Whole Cyber Human Initiative: Arming talent with minimal to 
no-cost logical and true return on investment education
 Whole Cyber Human Initiative scans the internet and creates robust curriculums utilizing 
reputable free training resources that would otherwise cost between roughly $8,525 and 
$26,640 for online education or $9,000 to $20,000 for an online cyber cert bootcamp.*
 *Sources (based on 2023 data): 
Intelligent - “The 10 Best Online Cyber Security Certifications of 2023”
 Cyber Degrees - Guide to Cybersecurity Bootcamps
 Created by the Whole Cyber team and vetted by the Advisory Board, each curriculum is 
evaluated by a combined Tech Industry experience of over 300 years in order for 
relevancy while being logical in the delivery.
 Our current 2023 Core Curriculum is broken down into two parts. Though the course is 
self-paced, we have developed an 11 week COHORT style for DoD Skillbridge applicants 
that entail individual/group mentorship, recaps of what they are learning, advise from 
peers when they get stuck, one-on-one sessions with Advisory Board members, a career 
transition meet-up to go over their previous career and how it fits in cyber, and LinkedIn 
Networking assistance.
 Part 1 (Non-technical transition) Estimated 4-5 day completion:
 Candidate is faced with reading, researching, and digesting the 52 roles presented by 
the National Initiative for Cybersecurity Careers and Study. At the conclusion of part 1, 
each candidate is to identify the 3-5 roles presented that they closely align to or wish to 
pursue. During this portion, each candidate conducts a Myer Briggs personalities 
assessment and a Cyber Aptitude assessment presented by US CyberKnights.
Part 2 (Technical and Non-technical transition) 380 hours Estimated at 12 weeks to 
complete. ***Subject to change due to availability of source.
 Candidate begins their curated training that consists of education content from CISCO, 
Microso , AWS, RangeForce, EvolveSecurity, AttackIQ, Idaho National Labs, Qualys, and 
FortiNet. The training is divided into individual sections.
 Evolve Academy - Intro to Cyber, Linux Fundamentals, Networking Concepts, Hacking 
101, Home Lab Setup.
 CISCO - Intro to Cyber, Networking Basics, Networking Devices and Configuration, 
Endpoint Security, Network Defense, Cyber Threat Management, and Linux 
Fundamentals.
 FortiNet - Fortinet Certified Fundamentals and Fortinet Certified Associate
 Qualys - Vulnerability Remediation, Vulnerability Reporting, Endpoint Detection and 
Response Foundations, API Fundamentals, and PCI Compliance.
 AttackIQ - MITRE Learning Pathway with Purple Team Foundations, Operationalization 
MITRE, and Breach and Attack Simulation.
 RangeForce - SIEM Fundamentals, Elastic SIEM Foundations, Home Lab Setup, Common 
Vulnerability Alerts, Cyber Threat Hunting,  Windows Sysmon and Event Viewer, and Intro 
to Ransomware.
 CISA/DHS - Industrial Control Systems Security (ICS/OT), Di erences in ICS, 
Components of ICS, Cybersecurity’s Place in ICS, ICS Cyber Risk, ICS Cyber Threats, ICS 
Vulnerabilities, ICS Attack Methodologies, Mapping IT Defense-In-Depth, and ICS Cyber 
Landscape.
 Microso - Training in AZ-900 and AZ-104.
 AWS - Training in AWS Cloud Practitioner
 Two Gamified Experiences - Candidates will choose and participate in a minimum of two 
Cyber Capture the Flag events. ***Events are dependent on schedule and availability.
Our Vision Our Mission Our Values
 Establishment of a true 
Trade School to unify 
Department of Education 
and Labor to build 
pathways to secure our 
next 20 years and beyond.
 Provide a free tier or paid 
cohort tier immersive, 
self-paced curriculum to 
transitioning service 
members, first 
responders, and anyone 
around the globe.
 We believe that in cyber 
security nobody should 
be le behind. We foster 
an all-inclusiveness and 
treat everyone as family 
regardless of race, gender 
identity, sexual 
preference, religion, or 
creed.
 What We Look Like
 Our Logo: The embodiment of a w|holistic representation of 
cyber security and the community.
  
 
The two half circles surrounding the center represent: The idea 
that knowledge is/should be taken in to grow with and be re
used to train our future. On one side there is a broken gap that 
represents new line of knowledge coming in. The second side 
represents a new line of mentorship and coaching to those who 
wish to walk in our shoes.
 The silhouette is the embodiment that cyber security has no 
face, has no gender, has no religion, no race, and no creed to 
which our philosophy is that our training is open to anyone.
Our Colors: A palette of inspiration
The colors chosen represent our logo with empathy and security.
 Our Message House: 
Clear and consistent communication
   
#2886c8 #6db6fe #053994 # 99
 Color Pairing 1
 This tone was selected to represent a sense of 
welcomeness in our silhouette.
 The color of our circle and lettering are of vibrance and 
relevance.
 Color Pairing 2
 The overall background color represents security as 
defense has always been represented in blue.
 The vivid pink is sprinkled into the silhouettes to represent 
that to the naked eye, cyber security has no age, race, 
creed, religion, gender, or sexual preference.
 How We Sound Like
As the Non-Profit
 Umbrella Statement
 Imagine a world where veterans, military dependents, and first responders can find 
free or inexpensive up-skilling before spending their hard-earned money on an 
accelerated bootcamp. These accelerated bootcamps are geared towards those that 
already have a technical background or knowledge and may lead to certifications 
that have no true return on investment. Imagine a world where College and 
Universities have a direct degree pathway matching the 52 roles defined by the 
National Institute for Cybersecurity Education. This world does exist with Whole 
Cyber Human Initiative. Colleges and Universities, please reach out to us and let us 
help you build a better program for a better tomorrow.
 Foundation
 Whole Cyber Human Initiative is Service-Disabled Veteran Owned Non-profit built on 
a community to provide, promote, and evaluate free to inexpensive Cybersecurity 
Education built of the National Institute Cybersecurity Education (NICE) practical 
skilling.  
It was founded by Retired Navy Veteran Paul Cummings, Leah McLean, Chris Foulon, 
Alex Rhodes, and the founding Board of Advisors, Whole Cyber is a workforce 
development research organization with a near 300 years combined Industry 
Experience.
 When We Put It All Together
Whole When we talk about whole, we are 
talking about the holistic terms 
associated with Cybersecurity.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · Bring you a holistic view of 52+ roles 
within Cyber
 · Help you identify through free 
resources what these roles are
 · Help you identify roles that exist aside 
from the flavor of the week you see on 
Social Media
 Cyber When we talk about cyber, we are o en 
met with those who started more than 
two decades ago in IT before INFOSEC 
and ultimately Cyber became its own 
realm.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · Break the mindset of traditional ITs to 
understand Cyber is about the business
 · Help you understand true return on 
investments for the roles you seek
 · Certs that truly align to roles
 Human We are aimed at bringing human back 
into the equation. Applicant Tracking 
Systems and Applying to every role you 
see can bring on the hurtful rejections.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · Help you create meaningful 
connections
 · Help companies attract hidden talent
 · Provide human engagement with other 
candidates through the Discord
 · Bring in Industry Leaders for 
As a candidate
 mentorship events
 Initiative This is where we went creative. Thinking 
about the Avengers, Nick Fury created 
the Avengers Initiative to fight the 
threats. We formed our Initiative on 
those premises, the premises of those 
claiming there is a talent shortage and 
fighting for those who are seeking 
employment.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · Was to create a meaningful pipeline 
that our Trusted Advisors agreed upon
 · Keep the resources free to the point we 
don’t charge candidates
 · Take the initiative to bring you relevant 
information and mentor events
Whole When we talk about whole, we are 
talking about the holistic terms 
associated with Cybersecurity.
 Your Goal with this is to:
 · Break down the roles into a way you can 
feel comfortable
 · Utilize the entire Pipeline to gain a 
holistic and practical knowledge base
 · Learn to use what you learn to be a 
force multiplier for the company who 
hires you
 Cyber When we talk about cyber we are o en 
met with those who started more than 
two decades ago in IT before INFOSEC 
and ultimately Cyber became its own 
realm.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · Learn to think of the business impacts
 · Identify through part 1 what is a return 
on investment certification for you
 · Speak fluently to the other roles you 
may never knew existed
 Human We are aimed at bringing human back 
into the equation. Applicant Tracking 
Systems and Applying to every role you 
see can bring on the hurtful rejections.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · Arm yourself with these resources to be 
able to e ectively communicate in a 
Team
 · Build cross-fluencies to where you 
understand the attack and defend
 · Learn to e ectively brand yourself with 
your LinkedIn posts
· Learn to network and not just apply
 · Not fall to human tendencies of 
enrolling into other trainings during the 
pipeline
 Initiative
 Veteran Cohorts.
 Curriculum Consulting
 This is where we went creative. Thinking 
about the Avengers, Nick Fury created 
the Avengers Initiative to fight the 
threats. We formed our Initiative on 
those premises, the premises of those 
claiming there is a talent shortage and 
f
 ighting for those who are seeking 
employment.
 Our Goal with this is to:
 · You must take the initiative for this at
your-own-pace pipeline
 · Take the initiative to be active in 
Discord to help or be helped by other 
candidates
 · Take the initiative to see the pipeline 
through
 Services
 The services that Whole Cyber Human Initiative can provide
 Direct to hire pipelines.
 Internal Workforce 
Growth Development
 Executive Coaching
 Hiring Manager/HR 
Advisory
 
Service Direct to Hire Pipeline 
Product Idea/Service Each Whole Cyber Human Initiative 
candidate is provided mandatory training at 
360 hours. At conclusion of training, each 
person will earn the title of Whole Cyber 
Human with knowledge and skills in 
Networking Essentials, Jr. Cyber Analyst, 
Network Security, Linux Crash-Course, Intro 
to Cyber, Cyber Essentials, API solutions, 
EDR foundations, Vulnerability Management, 
and Reporting, SIEM Fundamentals, ICS/OT 
security, MITRE, Breach and Attack 
Simulation, Common Vulnerability Events, 
Cyber Threat Hunting, Azure Cloud 
Fundamentals, AWS Cloud Fundamentals, 
AWS Cloud Practitioner. While earning micro 
credentials from CISCO, RangeForce, 
Fortinet, AttackIQ, Microso , AWS, 
Department of Homeland Security, and 
Idaho National Labs. Each will have the 
education to sit for the following 
certification exams: CISCO CCST, CompTIA 
Network+, Fortinet NSE4, Microso Azure 
900, AWS Cloud Practitioner, CompTIA 
Security+, CompTia CySA, PaloAlto PAN.
 Special Benefits Each candidate is trained in holistic cyber vs 
a clear role path, this arms them with the 
ability to be diverse in cyber, can cross
communicate between teams, become a 
valuable internal hire for job rotation, 
provide a leader in continuing education, 
and a person who has hands-on labs 
through various training vendors.  
Unique Features With the Whole Cyber approach, we are able 
to provide you with not only an entry-level 
applicant, but also provide you with mid-sr
level applicants based on their previous 
work experience (Veterans, Transitioning 
Service Members, Military Spouses, First 
Responders, Retail, Hospitality, etc.) 
 
 
With our low-cost model(s), you have the 
ability to evaluate the new hire and enroll 
themintoacertificationthathastruereturn
 Limits and Liabilities We are unfunded and do not possess 
licenses for specific industry tools and 
cannot make promises they will come to you 
100% fluent in said tools. Examples of 
limitations are Splunk, Q-Radar, Sumo Logic, 
and other costly vendor tool solutions. 
Production and Delivery Having a direct to hire contract agreement 
will enforce candidates to complete the 
training for us to provide the to you on the 
ready. Each can be based upon the payment 
model requested. 
Service Direct to Hire Pipeline with Tool License 
Sponsorship 
Product Idea/Service Each Whole Cyber Human Initiative 
candidate is provided mandatory training at 
380 hours. At conclusion of training, each 
person will earn the title of Whole Cyber 
Human with knowledge and skills in 
Networking Essentials, Jr. Cyber Analyst, 
Network Security, Linux Crash-Course, Intro 
to Cyber, Cyber Essentials, API solutions, 
EDR foundations, Vulnerability Management, 
and Reporting, SIEM Fundamentals, ICS/OT 
security, MITRE, Breach and Attack 
Simulation, Common Vulnerability Events, 
Cyber Threat Hunting, Azure Cloud 
Fundamentals, AWS Cloud Fundamentals, 
AWS Cloud Practitioner. While earning micro 
credentials from CISCO, Rangeforce, 
Fortinet, AttackIQ, Microso , AWS, 
Department of Homeland Security, and 
Idaho National Labs. Each will have the 
education to sit for the following 
certification exams: CISCO CCST, CompTIA 
Network+, Fortinet NSE4, Microso Azure 
900, AWS Cloud Practitioner, CompTIA 
Security+, CompTia CySA, PaloAlto PAN.
 Special Benefits With sponsorship of tool license, each 
candidate (per payment model), will be 
equipped with training before the 
onboarding process.  
Unique Features Ability to customize training model to meet 
company’s needs. 
Limits and Liabilities We are unfunded and do not possess 
licenses for specific industry tools and 
cannot make promises they will come to you 
100% fluent in said tools. Examples of 
limitations are Splunk, Q-Radar, Sumo Logic, 
and other costly vendor tool solutions. 
Production and Delivery Having a direct to hire contract agreement 
will enforce candidates to complete the 
 
 
training for us to provide the to you on the 
ready. Each can be based upon the payment 
model requested. 
Service Job Description Assistance 
Product Idea/Service Provide clear cut job descriptions not 
saturated with certifications and 
overzealous job requirements to attract real 
talent. Provide brainstorming with both 
hiring managers and human resource 
managers to ensure each job description 
depicts the level at which is required. 
Special Benefits Tuning job descriptions to non-traditional 
means can attract real talent who already 
have the desired attributes and curiosity to 
succeed. 
Unique Features We can assist with new hire onboarding 
through the Whole Cyber Human Initiative 
Candidate Pipeline. At conclusion of 
training, each person will earn the title of 
Whole Cyber Human with knowledge and 
skills in Networking Essentials, Jr. Cyber 
Analyst, Network Security, Linux Crash
Course, Intro to Cyber, Cyber Essentials, API 
solutions, EDR foundations, Vulnerability 
Management, and Reporting, SIEM 
Fundamentals, ICS/OT security, MITRE, 
Breach and Attack Simulation, Common 
Vulnerability Events, Cyber Threat Hunting, 
Azure Cloud Fundamentals, AWS Cloud 
Fundamentals, AWS Cloud 
Practitioner. While earning micro 
credentials from CISCO, RangeForce, 
Fortinet, AttackIQ, Microso , AWS, 
Department of Homeland Security, and 
Idaho National Labs. Each will have the 
education to sit for the following 
certification exams: CISCO CCST, CompTIA 
Network+, Fortinet NSE4, Microso Azure 
900, AWS Cloud Practitioner, CompTIA 
Security+, CompTia CySA, PaloAlto PAN.
 Limits and Liabilities We are unfunded and do not possess 
licenses for specific industry tools and 
cannot make promises they will come to you 
100% fluent in said tools. Examples of 
 
limitations are Splunk, Q-Radar, Sumo Logic, 
and other costly vendor tool solutions. 
Production and Delivery Working with Human Resources and Hiring 
Managers we provide descriptions that will 
make the onboard training an ease and 
comfortable to both hire and company. 
Service Internal Workforce Growth Development 
Product Idea/Service Provide workforce development models to 
retain and enforce growth for employees. 
Special Benefits Growth Development can train employees 
to your company's client and mission. This in 
turn will lead to retention and internal hires 
for positions employees can train to the 
skillsets throughout the company in order to 
avoid burnout. This will also alleviate the 
stress of job sourcing and other contracts 
with recruiters or sourcing companies. 
Unique Features We can assist with new hire onboarding 
through the Whole Cyber Human Initiative 
Candidate Pipeline. At conclusion of 
training, each person will earn the title of 
Whole Cyber Human with knowledge and 
skills in Networking Essentials, Jr. Cyber 
Analyst, Network Security, Linux Crash
Course, Intro to Cyber, Cyber Essentials, API 
solutions, EDR foundations, Vulnerability 
Management, and Reporting, SIEM 
Fundamentals, ICS/OT security, MITRE, 
Breach and Attack Simulation, Common 
Vulnerability Events, Cyber Threat Hunting, 
Azure Cloud Fundamentals, AWS Cloud 
Fundamentals, AWS Cloud 
Practitioner. While earning micro 
credentials from CISCO, RangeForce, 
Fortinet, AttackIQ, Microso , AWS, 
Department of Homeland Security, and 
Idaho National Labs. Each will have the 
education to sit for the following 
certification exams: CISCO CCST, CompTIA 
Network+, Fortinet NSE4, Microso Azure 
900, AWS Cloud Practitioner, CompTIA 
Security+, CompTia CySA, PaloAlto PAN.
 Limits and Liabilities We are unfunded and do not possess 
licenses for specific industry tools and 
cannot make promises they will come to you 
100% fluent in said tools. Examples of 
 
limitations are Splunk, Q-Radar, Sumo Logic, 
d th tl d t l l ti
 Production and Delivery Working with Human Resources and Hiring 
Managers we provide descriptions that will 
make the onboard training an ease and 
comfortable to both hire and company. 
Service  Hiring Manager and Human Resource 
Manager Training 
Product Idea/Service Provide Whole Cyber Human Initiative 
Candidate Pipeline training to all levels of 
leadership at no cost. 
Special Benefits Provides each leadership person who enrolls 
to see the level of training each new hire is 
equipped with. Provide hands-on 
experience with multiple training vendors to 
understand their capabilities and limitations 
if pursuing a continuing education company 
for employees. Provide leaders with each 
vendor to discuss partnerships for 
advanced training. 
Unique Features Each leader who commits to the Whole 
Cyber Human Initiative Candidate Pipeline 
will get carnal knowledge in what is 
available that exceeds the need for costly 
certifications. 
Limits and Liabilities We are unfunded and do not possess 
licenses for specific industry tools and 
cannot make promises they will come to you 
100% fluent in said tools. Examples of 
limitations are Splunk, Q-Radar, Sumo Logic, 
and other costly vendor tool solutions. 
Production and Delivery Arming Leaders with current techniques 
and education that can help reset their 
approach in attracting talent. 
 
Additional Services
 Individual Based 1099 Services Starting at $200.00 per hour
 Chris Foulon Coaching 
Services for 
Team/Individual
 Deadbox Digital Forensics Internet of Things Threat 
Research
 IT and Cyber Leadership 
Coaching
 Cloud Management 
Consulting
 General IT/Cyber 
Consulting
 Labor Categories
 Individual Skillsets
Deadbox Forensics
 Min. Years of 
Experience 18
 Examination of computers to find evidence of specific event or 
events. Forensics artifacts will be identified or verified in 
accordance with initial guidelines. Deleted information can be 
recovered including email, web history, chat history, peer to 
peer artifacts and others. Then results will be provided verbally 
or in writing to the requesting manager or attorney.
 Computer Forensics can be done remotely through approved 
shipping procedures to maintain chain of custody or 
negotiated for on-site assistance.
 Internet of Things 
Threat Research
 Min. Years of 
Experience 2
 Serves as researcher on a large, randomized, controlled 
Internet of Things, Operational Technology, and Smart Device 
threat research. Collaborates with senior sta on selected 
projects. Tracks and assesses status of research tasks for 
projects. Prepares project reports and prepares and monitors 
project budgets. Takes the lead and/or supporting role in 
writing research manuscripts for publication in professional 
journals. Keeps up-to-date on important trends in the field. 
Participates in strategic planning, and may assume a 
leadership role in a program area. Works with Senior 
Management to identify, develop, and seek funding for 
projects of personal interest to ensure position coverage. 
Participates in professional activities and co- authors research 
manuscripts. Assists in recruiting new senior research sta . 
Helps advance the “state-of-the-art” in the field, both 
nationally and internationally. Assists in developing new 
project ideas and writing grant proposals. Builds collaborative 
relationships and visibility for the company. Recognized 
nationally as having extensive content expertise; sought out by 
external agencies to serve on various scientific panels and 
committees. Collaborates with others to identify and 
implement joint e orts, collaborate on resource development 
activities, and coordinates department activities.
Coaching by 
Subject Matter 
Expert
 Min. Years of 
Experience 14
 Provides technical, managerial, and administrative direction 
for problem definition, analysis, requirements development, 
and implementation for complex to extremely complex 
systems in the subject matter area. Makes recommendations 
and advises organization wide improvements, optimization or 
maintenance e orts in the following specialties: information 
systems architecture, networking, telecommunications, 
automation, communications protocols, risk  
management/electronic analysis, so ware lifecycle 
management, so ware development methodologies, and 
modeling and simulation. Conducts e orts as a vCISO to 
evaluate business needs.
 Ares of expertise are: General IT Management, Executive 
Coaching, Cloud Architecture Consulting, Cloud Services 
Consulting, Zero Trust Advisory.
 Testimonials
 Hear from our graduates to get their opinion both good and bad
Our graduates are the driving force for us to continue educating 
those in need. Our age range of both candidates and graduates 
are from 17 years of age to 54 years of age, all coming from 
di erent career fields.
 Listen to their un-scripted stories here: 
The Founders
 Brief Background on each of the founding Directors.
 Paul Cummings CEO/Founder
 Paul Cummings is a retired 20-year US Navy Information Systems Technology Chief, working as a 
Cyber Threat Intel Research Specialist. He brings a comprehensive background in executive-level 
planning, managing IT and Cyber Security teams, and program management derived from both 
global and domestic maritime operations.
 Mr. Cummings has led 15 Navy Warfighting Ships and 176 Information Security Managers and 
Security Network Engineers to support over 7,000 enterprise users, enforced a 95% patch 
management and hardening e ciency for five consecutive years with less than 24 hours of critical 
service downtime. Built and Established a 38-person Cyber Protection Team and managed a $6M 
training budget that led the team to be fully qualified a year ahead of schedule and successfully led 
a large-scale incident response operation which was awarded the Department of the Navy IT Team 
Excellence Award for 2017. He has helped realign budget for personnel by forecasting Life Cycle 
Ends and computer syem upgrades. Paul’s career is supported by CompTIA CASP, and he is the 
recipient of multiple awards for outstanding performance and professionalism. His dedication to 
the success of others has led him to establish Veterans Breaking into IT/Cybersecurity Mentorship 
Campaign, an organization where he hosts monthly engagements with transitioning service 
members, veterans, military spouses, and aspiring civilian professionals found on YouTube under 
Paul Cummings Veterans Breaking into IT Cyber. He actively volunteers with Vets2Industry, Npower, 
Evolutionary Skills Development Network Discord, and Vicious Vineyards Discord.
 Career is supported by CompTIA CASP and receipt of personal achievements awards: Defense 
Meritorious Service Medal, the Joint Service Achievement Medal, the Navy Commendation Medal (3 
awards), Navy Achievement Medal (4 awards), and the Navy Good Conduct Medal (5 awards), 
Military Outstanding Volunteer Service Medal, and Department of the Navy IT Excellence Award 2017.
 Leah McLean/Co-Founder
 Vice President, Cybersecurity Specialist, Leah McLean, actively contributes to the community 
helping people break into cybersecurity careers and working with employers, state public and 
federal agencies and local government, IT and Cybersecurity o cials to rethink their workforce and 
hiring strategy. She is focused on creating new business partnerships to foster better collaboration 
between public and private sectors to increase cybersecurity awareness, information sharing and 
resources.
 Previously Leah led strategic alliance partnerships at Armor, a cloud security company where she 
was focused on cybersecurity awareness, training and enablement, and advancing technology 
solutions to serve CIOs and CISOs business needs. Prior to Armor she served in senior partner roles 
at Cisco.
 Currently she serves on the Board of Advisors for Cloud Defense, Inc., a breach visibility security 
startup and is on the board for the Cloud Security Alliance North Texas Chapter. She volunteers on 
the resume review board for Minorities in Cybersecurity (MiC), serves as a mentor among the Vicious 
Vineyards Discord server and is the co-host of The CISO Diaries podcast.
 Alex Rhodes/Co-Founder
 Cybersecurity Research Engineer and Space Cyber a uent, R. Alex Rhodes retired from the U.S. 
Army in 2018 as the Assistant Special Agent in Charge of the Digital Forensics Research Branch for 
the Army Criminal Investigative Division, (USACIDC). In addition to conducting digital forensics and 
felony investigations for the Army, he spent 5 years as a Russian Linguist and about 2 years as a 
Satellite Communications Specialist. A er retiring from the Army, he worked for Lockheed Martin as 
a cybersecurity professional where he was awarded with the 2020 Technical Innovation Award for a 
classified cybersecurity project.
 Alex’s next assignment was with Peraton where he used his previous experience to assist with 
completely rebuilding and revamping the cybersecurity program for the 62nd Cybersecurity 
Squadron, U.S. Space Force. While working on an assignment to help secure satellite platforms, Alex 
wrote a research paper highlighting the vulnerabilities inherent within the Telemetry and 
Commanding (TT&C) system of a satellite.
 Alex has numerous military and civilian awards over the last 20 years. He has an Associates in 
Russian Language from the Defense Language Institute, Foreign Language Center, a Bachelor’s of 
Science in Russian Studies from Excelsior College, and a Masters of Science in Cybersecurity with a 
focus in Information Assurance from Excelsior College.
 Christophe Foulon/Co-Founder
 Christophe Foulon, senior manager and cybersecurity consultant at F10 FinTech, brings over 15 years 
of experience as a CISO, vCISO, information security manager, adjunct professor, author, and 
cybersecurity strategist with a passion for customer service, process improvement, and 
information security. He also has spent more than ten years leading, coaching, and mentoring 
people. As a security practitioner, Christophe is focused on helping businesses tackle their 
cybersecurity risks while minimizing friction, resulting in increased resiliency, and helping to secure 
people and processes with a solid understanding of the technology involved. He gives back by 
producing a podcast, “
 Breaking into Cybersecurity,” focused on helping people who are trying to 
transition into the cybersecurity industry by sharing the stories of those who have done it in the past 
f
 ive years to inspire those looking to do it now. He co-authored “
 Develop Your Cybersecurity Career
 Path: How to Break into Cybersecurity at Any Level” and “
 Hack the Cybersecurity Interview: A
 complete interview preparation guide for jumpstarting your cybersecurity career”. 
Christophe holds a Master of Science in Information Technology, Information Assurance, and 
Cybersecurity, a graduate certificate in Information Systems, and a bachelor's degree in Business 
Administration/Information Systems from Walden University.